oh my god this is so cool oh my god what
the hell's going on here um hi I'm Jack
this is Megan for neighbors and I'm Mike
and I'm like yeah um wait your neighbors
yeah where do you live rhode island well
turn to summer neighbors wow that sounds
very romantic that's what everyone
thinks that is a summer romance if I've
ever heard one usually I think of him as
my brother I've had a lot of
relationships like that in my life oh my
god just give it dude just give it to
the end of the summer it's all gonna
happen all gonna happen by the end of
the summer girl oh yeah pretty so pretty
and he just met henge stuff wow he seems
really interested in there is really
interested so I love how much space you
guys have in between you that is such a
statement you're like practically not
even in the frame you're each have like
that you're usually half a head there
you go just like a school picture what's
your question um I don't know well we
haven't really been that we haven't
really thought about that we didn't
actually think we'd get this far you
wait is your question will you marry me
to her um I would like to marry you like
you but uh do you guys live it you guys
go to school you guys don't go to school
here you just see each other in the
summer because your parents have like
houses next to each other yeah but we
visit journeyer because we both live in
New York oh I went to saw your sleep
walk on how you're funny ok and then
yeah and what's your even book you'll
love the book i think i think i love the
book do
I don't read a lot of fat books can I
get that as a quote from you to put on
the back of the bar I don't read a lot
of bad books I'm not there to rot create
a lot of that book growls dot dot dot
I'm in love with my neighbor no it's
such a problem cuz his parents think so
too you guys are both bright red right
now no we're not she's crazy we're done
for me dog I have a boyfriend I don't
like him never heard of them all I've
heard of his Jack Reynolds this is I can
understand why you treat him like a
brother cuz he's such a jackass
sometimes reflect all my friends like I
call the jacket you you live in New York
so maybe I'll see you guys at the with
the barnes and noble signing october 12
perhaps yes then ah it could be best
friends become neighbors yeah don't get
it don't get any ideas jack I know how
you feel about your neighbors know
I'll met a girl crazy for me let a boy
cute as can be